Exploration through Source Code of various sites
 
 https://www.envelopments.com :
I saw that there were many tabs shown in the source code.
A few of the widely, almost always used code were the div, li, ul, p, and script function.
I also saw that in the debugger tab, which was probably linked to their code to help debug the written code, the return,
function, and var functions were used.

http://www.amnh.org/explore/amnh.tv/(watch)/learning-at-the-museum/new-explorer-app-from-amnh
This website was of the museum's explorer app and the code was honestly really neat and I thought it was really cool to look
through the website. Underneath there were also a few websites 

http://www.bxscience.edu
http://christinawallace.com

They use the google analytics thing which Christina later showed us. It is a short piece of code that you enter in to your code 
which allows google to tell you everything about your webpage and who and what your audience looks for in your webpage.
It really teaches us that we should be careful of what we put online and that you are being recorded even if you are incognito 
browsing. She showed us her website and people who went on it.
What was really interesting was that there was a recording of the time, day, place, and literally everything about the person and
how they got to her website(the source to finding her page, ex.google [that's kind of creepy]).
Since her homepage was first, most people started off on her homepage and then they went to the next tab which was about her
speaking. Here we saw that there were a lot of views on her speaking page and how putting speaking as the next tab made people
want to view it next. She then told us that this would be something we should think about when targeting what people wanted to
know. In contrast, there were also many people who left her website right after the home page so she said that it was probably
ideal for her to give them as much information about her as possible on her home page so that they get the information they need.
